[DOC] Add documentation about how to migrate from Grafana (#2680)
perses/perses: docs/migration.md

Migrate from Grafana
====================

This documentation will guide you through the process of migrating from Grafana to Perses. For the moment, Grafana is
the only supported source for migration. If you used another tool, and you want to migrate to Perses, please contact us.

## Context

Migrating from Grafana to Perses means to be able to translate the Grafana dashboards to Perses dashboards (in terms of
data-model).

*Note that we are not supporting any other Grafana resources like alerts, users, etc. We are only focusing on the
dashboards.*

> The challenge around this process is actually to be able to translate the Grafana various plugin to the one supported by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The challenge around this process is actually to be able to translate the Grafana various plugins to the ones supported by
```

   the [installation documentation](./installation/in-a-container.md).
2. Then, you can either use the CLI or the UI to migrate your dashboard.

### Using the UI

- On the home page, click on the right of the button `add dashboard` and select `import dashboard`.
- Then, you can either paste the JSON of your Grafana dashboard or upload the JSON file.
- Click on the `import` button.
- If the migration is successful, then you will have in return the Perses dashboard as a JSON.
- You can save the JSON or continue on the same page to save this migrated dashboard into the project you would like.
  You need to select the project and click on the `import` button.

### Using the CLI

- Install the CLI by following the [installation documentation](./cli.md).
- Login the CLI to the Perses instance

```bash
percli login http://localhost:8080
```

- Then, you can use the `migrate` command to migrate your dashboard. We recommend using the `--online` flag to be sure
  that the migration is done with the latest version of the plugins.

```bash
percli migrate -f grafana-dashboard.json --online -o json > perses-dashboard.json
```

> - As a tips, you may want to open the file and remove any reference to the previous datasource used in Grafana. This

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- As a tip, you may want to open the file and remove any reference to the previous datasource used in Grafana. This
```

>   will allow the dashboard to use the default datasource. Do that only if you want to use the default datasource.

Reviewer 3: @Nexucis Does it make sense to introduce a flag `--use-default-datasource=true` and if this flag is set then we don't add the datasource config at all in the dashboard manifest?

Author: That looks difficult to me to achieve that. The usage of the datasource is handled by Cuelang and by the cuelang migration script (so basically on every plugin).
Handling the Cuelang script was already something quite hard and it's executed more or less as a close box. And I'll  like to keep it like that.

For example:

```json
{
  "datasource": {
    "kind": "PrometheusDatasource",
    "name": "$datasource"
  }
}
```

You can transform it like this:

```json
{
  "datasource": {
    "kind": "PrometheusDatasource"
  }
}
```

> - You should check the unsupported migrations. For example for the variable, you will have a static variable like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You should check the unsupported migrations. For example in the case of a variable, you will get a static variable like this:
```
